# Hospital-Reservation-Information-System
1. Utilize XAMPP to deploy a 15 page website on an Apache server, aiming to provide users with a series of appointment related functions, such as COVID-19 vaccination and nucleic acid testing appointments, and enable administrators to manage hospital operations. Create a user friendly user interface using JavaScript, including navigation bar, logo, footer, and data validation, and implement pagination, leaderboard, and fuzzy queries in nearly 30 PHP interface scripts.
2. Implement MySQL database design at the high-level, such as an Entity Relationship Diagram with over 10 entities and relationships, to describe various concepts in the hospital system. The logical design follows the Boyce Codd Normal Form to minimize redundancy.
3. Adopting an indexing mechanism to accelerate search speed and improve performance, enabling the system to search, insert, or delete records within milliseconds. Set foreign keys to maintain data consistency and integrity. Using triggers to implement constraints, following Event Condition Action rules, and establishing cascading relationships for referential integrity between data to improve management efficiency. For security reasons, using Authorization Specification allows database connections to only access partial information based on user permissions.
4. Adopting a front-end and back-end separation architecture based on Vue.js and PHP improves development efficiency, enhances page performance, enhances code maintainability, and reduces request pressure on backend servers.
